Part 1-

For install Laravel i give this command in git bash 

composer global require laravel/installer
laravel new Assignment-module-13
cd Assignment-module-13
php artisan serve

Part 2-

app: The app folder is the core of your Laravel application. It contains the application's models, views, and controllers.

bootstrap: The bootstrap folder contains files that are responsible for bootstrapping the Laravel application. It includes the app.php file, which sets up the basic application bindings and configurations.

config: The config folder holds various configuration files for Laravel application. These files allow you to define settings for different aspects of your application, such as database connections, caching, authentication.

database: The database folder is used for managing your application's database-related files. It contains migration files, which are used to create and modify database tables, as well as seed files for populating the database with initial data. The factories folder holds factory classes that define the structure of dummy data for testing purposes.

public: The public folder is the entry point of our Laravel application. It contains the index.php file, which serves as the front controller for all incoming HTTP requests. 

resources: The resources folder is where we store our application's assets and views. It includes sub-folders such as views, where we can place your Blade templates for generating HTML responses, and assets, which holds assets like CSS, JavaScript, and images that need to be processed or compiled by Laravel's build tools.

routes: The routes folder contains the route definition files for our application. These files specify the HTTP routes our application will respond to and map them to the corresponding controllers or closures. Laravel provides separate files for web routes (web.php) and API routes (api.php), allowing us to differentiate between different types of routes.

storage: The storage folder is used to store various temporary and persistent files generated by our application. It includes sub-folders such as app, framework, and logs, where we can store uploaded files, cached data, session files, and application logs, respectively.

tests: The tests folder is where we can write automated tests for your Laravel application. It contains sample test files and sub-folders for organizing our tests. Laravel encourages developers to write tests to ensure that their application functions correctly and to facilitate future development and maintenance.

tests: The tests folder is where we can write automated tests for our Laravel application. It contains sample test files and sub-folders for organizing your tests. Laravel encourages developers to write tests to ensure that their application functions correctly and to facilitate future development and maintenance.